During the months of December 2017 and January 2018, we were thrilled to have over one hundred
Karenssegore-speaking campaign volunteers from Australia, Thailand and the United States join
our local Karenssegore-speaking publishers.
The current field here at Mirmire's progressed quickly, however, the majority of Karens
people here have not yet had an opportunity to hear the good news.
So when they see the Bible literature or video in the language, it touched their heart.
One man that we met in our ministry used to chew beetle nut, but he realized God did
not approve.
So he prayed to God for help, and he was able to quit beetle nut with God's help.
Serving in the Karenssegore field in Mirmire is really a dream come true for me.
There are challenges and adjustments, but there's nothing compared to all the blessings
I've gained.
The preaching campaign was a real success.
As a result, many new Bible studies started, and we have also located the areas with
the greatest potential of growth.
It is very, very exciting.
The clear evidence of Jehovah's spirit on the campaign arrangements has led us to
the conclusion that God has summoned us to declare the good news among the Karenssegore
people.